docs: Add CONTRIBUTING.rst file (#196)
adrienverge/localstripe: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Contributing to localstripe

> ===========================
> 
> We would love for you to contribute to localstripe and help make it even better
> than it is today!
> 
> We maintain localstripe voluntarily, this guideline's goal is to make our
> reviews as easy as possible and keep a helpful git history.
> 
> Notifications
> -------------
> 
> We received emails notifications during conversations but also when you push on
> branches of opened PRs.
> To avoid spamming us please open PRs only when you are 90% sure lint & test &
> commit are ready. We will help you with the last 10%.
> 
> Describe your changes
> ---------------------
> 
> Please describe your changes (fix or feature) inside the commits message.
> The commit is the key piece in a git repository to track change long term.
> So each commit should be as complete and as simple as possible.
> 
> A PR can contain multiple commits if you think it's relevant, but each commit
> should solve one problem and only one.
> If one of your commits adds an issue, that you fix in the next commit of the
> same PR, please squash them.
> 
> The Linux Kernel is the biggest open-source project of all time, so you can
> basically `refer to it`_ on how to commit.
> 
> 
> We also follow the `commit Karma guideline`_.
> 
> .. _refer to it: https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v5.14/process/submitting-patches.html#describe-your-changes
> .. _commit Karma guideline: http://karma-runner.github.io/6.3/dev/git-commit-msg.html
> 
> Cosmetic code change
> --------------------
> 
> We are less than likely to accept them. The main reason is that it makes the
> git history harder to explore.
> 
> Lint
> ----
> 
> Before opening a PR, please run flake8 as `the CI does`_.
> 
> .. _the CI does: https://github.com/adrienverge/localstripe/blob/e8de08d/.github/workflows/tests.yaml#L23
> 
> 
> Test
> ----
> 
> Before opening a PR, please run the test suite. You can use:
> 
> .. code:: shell
> 
>  find -name '*.py' | entr -r python3 -m localstripe --from-scratch
>  curl -X DELETE localhost:8420/_config/data && ./test.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to localstripe
===========================

We would love you to contribute to localstripe and help make it even better
than it is today!

We maintain localstripe voluntarily, these guidelines goal is to make our
reviews as easy as possible and keep a helpful Git history.

Notifications
-------------

We receive email notifications during conversations but also when you push on
branches of open pull requests. To avoid spamming us please open pull requests
only when you are 90% sure commits, linting and tests are ready. We will help
you with the last 10%.

Describe your changes
---------------------

Please describe your changes (fix or feature) inside the commits messages. The
commit is the key piece in a Git repository to track change over long term. So
each commit should be as complete and as simple as possible.

A pull request can contain multiple commits if you think it's relevant, but
each commit should solve one problem and only one. If one of your commits adds
an issue, that you fix in the next commit of the same pull request, please
squash them.

The Linux kernel is the biggest open-source project of all time, so you can
basically `refer to it`_ on how to commit.

We also follow the `Karma commit guideline`_.

.. _refer to it: https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v5.14/process/submitting-patches.html#describe-your-changes
.. _Karma commit guideline: http://karma-runner.github.io/6.3/dev/git-commit-msg.html

Cosmetic code changes
---------------------

We are less than likely to accept them. The main reason is that it makes the
Git history harder to explore.

Lint
----

Before opening a pull request, please run ``flake8`` as `our automated tests
do`_.

.. _our automated tests do: https://github.com/adrienverge/localstripe/blob/e8de08d/.github/workflows/tests.yaml#L23

Tests
-----

Before opening a pull request, please run the test suite. You can use:

.. code:: shell

 find -name '*.py' | entr -r python3 -m localstripe --from-scratch
 curl -X DELETE localhost:8420/_config/data && ./test.sh
````
